fix max_idle_timeout issue in issue #95 (#124)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

When only one path is available, servers MUST follow the specifications
in {{QUIC-TRANSPORT}}.

When more than one path is available, hosts shall monitor the arrival of
non-probing packets and the acknowledgements for the packets sent over each

> path. Hosts SHOULD stop sending traffic on a path if for at least that path's
> idle_period milliseconds (a) no non-probing packet was received or (b) no
> non-probing packet sent over this path was acknowledged, but MAY ignore that
> rule if it would disqualify all available paths. If max_idle_timeout is
> specified, a path's idle_period is set to max_idle_timout if it is larger than
> three times the path's current PTO value.  To avoid excessively small idle
> timeout period, endpoints MUST increase a path's idle_peroid to be at least
> three times that path's current PTO. To avoid idle timeout of a path, endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path. Hosts SHOULD stop sending traffic on a path if for at least the period of the
idle timeout as specified in {{Section 10.1. of QUIC-TRANSPORT}} 
(a) no non-probing packet was received or (b) no
non-probing packet sent over this path was acknowledged, but MAY ignore that
rule if it would disqualify all available paths. To avoid idle timeout of a path, endpoints
```

Reviewer: Proposing to rather reference to RFC9000 instead of specifying this here separate again.
